.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1997-2000  Daniel W. Crompton <redhat@rphh.org>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

.TH TAP 1 "Version 1.0: 22 Feb 2000"
.SH NAME
viaduct \- dev to dev communication
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "viaduct -?"
.br
.B "viaduct -V"
.br
.B "viaduct [-vvv] [-ae] [-p <port>] -s <src addr> -d <dest addr>"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Viaduct
is a program which uses features from /dev/ makes most
(virtual) device to (virtual) device possible to control
and route over ethernet. 
.PP
The program is comparible to
.B nc
(1), discounting the fact that any device, and not just interfaces,
can be bound.
.SH COMMANDS
.IP "-a"
Show all debug messages, includes code pointers. 
.PP
.IP "-d <dest addr>"
Destination address, either in the form of an ip number and port:
.sp
.B "viaduct -d 10.10.0.1:20"
Sets external destination address.
.sp
Or as an internal (virtual) device.
.sp
.B "viaduct -d /dev/midi0"
Sets internal destination address.
.sp
This could also mean, as with the device eth*, that it is
possible to redirect from a incomming device to an
unspecified outgoing device.
.IP "-e"
reserved
.IP "-p <port>"
This option is only used if
.B -s
is not used, otherwise it is ignored.
.IP "-s <src addr>"
You can use this to specify a source from the command line,
for (virtual) devices this is a must, but for binding to an interface this will
define the ip that may connect. (With or without source port numbers.)
.sp
If no
.B -s
is used it is assumed that, as with
.B nc
(1), you bind to all interfaces.
.I 0.0.0.0
on a port defined with
.B -p
.IP "-v"
Sets verbosity, the more
.B "-v"
you use the higher te debug level.
.sp
.IP ""
.B "viaduct -vvv	"
sets level 3 verbosity.
.sp
You can also use
.B "-a"
to set a verbosity level of 10.
.sp
.I underlined:

.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH WARNINGS
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 1999,2000 Daniel Crompton
.br
Comments to: redhat@rphh.org

